README.md, before:

# Geometry Dash 3D
Basically, it's Geometry Dash but in 3D.
This is essentially my thanks to Geometry Dash and it's community. Geometry Dash is one of my favourite games of all time and still continues to be fun and frustrating as hell.
Although I'm not exactly sure how making an open source clone of Geometry Dash is nice in any way??

I also know that DelugeDrop has already made a Geometry Dash 3D fangame and that this project will likely be completely overshadowed by it. At this point, development of this project has been going on since JANUARY 2022 and I don't plan on stopping anytime soon.

I am making this because I love GD, not because I want youtube views. (although the latter would be nice and is a secondary goal)

[Sub to my youtube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXDxyxrKwSWp1rbv-WUjsEQ) as I will make a video on how I created this whole project. (Haha copying DelugeDrop here are we? Although I promise the video will be longer than 5 minutes)

## Buy GD
Buy normal Geometry Dash if you haven't:
- [Steam](https://store.steampowered.com/app/322170/Geometry_Dash/)
- [Google play store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.robtopx.geometryjump&hl=en_GB&gl=US)
- [IOS app store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/geometry-dash/id625334537)

## How To Open The Project
Hey did you know that because this game is on Github? Wow that means you can download the source code and start modding the game. Very cool right?
Here is how to do that:

**Step 1**
Make sure you have Unity 2021.3.1f1 downloaded & installed (you can obviously use another version but this is the version I used).

**Step 2**
Download or clone the repository to your local device. Remember where you saved the project and make sure it's unzipped but you probably already know to do that.

**Step 3**
Open Unity Hub.

**Step 4**
Press "Add" on the projects tab in Unity Hub, then find where you saved the project and add the folder to Unity Hub.

**Step 5**
Open the project and wait for it to load.

**Step 6**
You're now done.

## Game Plan
These things below are what I plan on creating for this game.
- 6 Original Songs and Levels made and composed specifically for this game. Here are the song/level names:
   - 1. Mono Insanity (Easy Difficulty)
   - 2. Solarpeak (Normal Difficulty)
   - 3. Holding Out (Hard Difficulty)
   - 4. Time Jump (Harder Difficulty)
   - 5. Decahedron Power (Insane Difficulty)
   - 6. Cosido (Demon Difficulty)
- A full on recreation of the geometry dash physics engine that will try to be as accurate as possible (but in Unity of course)
- An entire Level Editor that can save and load levels from JSON files.
- 3D mechanics that alter the way you play Geometry Dash.
- A WebGL port that allows you to play the game in your browser and maybe even on your phone? (Level Editor won't work on WebGL sadly)
- A whole youtube video that talks about the process of how I made this clone game.

Commit message:

Cancelling the project (Info in description)
Turns out DelugeDrop made a level editor for their 3D game which I guess makes my game obsolete.
Lesson learnt: be faster last time.
Although who even reads these anyways?

README.md, after:

# Geometry Dash 3D
Basically, it's Geometry Dash but in 3D.
This has been cancelled because there already exists a GD3D.
If you were looking forward to this, sorry.

Source code will still be available if you want to look at my spaghetti code.

## Buy GD
Buy normal Geometry Dash if you haven't:
- [Steam](https://store.steampowered.com/app/322170/Geometry_Dash/)
- [Google play store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.robtopx.geometryjump&hl=en_GB&gl=US)
- [IOS app store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/geometry-dash/id625334537)

## How To Open The Project
Hey did you know that because this game is on Github? Wow that means you can download the source code and start modding the game. Very cool right?
Here is how to do that:

**Step 1**
Make sure you have Unity 2021.3.1f1 downloaded & installed (you can obviously use another version but this is the version I used).

**Step 2**
Download or clone the repository to your local device. Remember where you saved the project and make sure it's unzipped but you probably already know to do that.

**Step 3**
Open Unity Hub.

**Step 4**
Press "Add" on the projects tab in Unity Hub, then find where you saved the project and add the folder to Unity Hub.

**Step 5**
Open the project and wait for it to load.

**Step 6**
You're now done.

## Game Plan (Cancelled)
These things below are what I plan on creating for this game.
- 6 Original Songs and Levels made and composed specifically for this game. Here are the song/level names:
   - 1. Mono Insanity (Easy Difficulty)
   - 2. Solarpeak (Normal Difficulty)
   - 3. Holding Out (Hard Difficulty)
   - 4. Time Jump (Harder Difficulty)
   - 5. Decahedron Power (Insane Difficulty)
   - 6. Cosido (Demon Difficulty)
- A full on recreation of the geometry dash physics engine that will try to be as accurate as possible (but in Unity of course)
- An entire Level Editor that can save and load levels from JSON files.
- 3D mechanics that alter the way you play Geometry Dash.
- A WebGL port that allows you to play the game in your browser and maybe even on your phone? (Level Editor won't work on WebGL sadly)
- A whole youtube video that talks about the process of how I made this clone game.
